README.md, before:

# workout-tracker

![license](https://img.shields.io/badge/license-MIT-blue.svg)

## Description


## Table of Contents
  - [Description](#description)
  - [Installation](#installation)
  - [Languages and technologies used](#languagesandtechnologiesused)
  - [Usage](#usage)
  - [License](#license)
  - [Contributing](#contributing)
  - [Tests](#tests)
  - [Licensing and copyright](#licensingandcopyright)
  - [Questions](#questions)

## Installation
There are two ways to launch the application; the first option is to use the command line and type in 'node server' to spin up the server, then type in `http://localhost:3001` in the browser. I would recomment clicking [here]() to view the application on the deployed Heroku site, which is much easier.


## Languages and technologies used
This application utilized HTML, CSS, Javascript, Node.js, Express.js, Mongoose, Heroku.


## Usage



## Contributing
NA.


## Tests
NA.


## License & copyright

(c) Candice Wu 

Licensed under the MIT License [click here](license).


## Questions
For any questions, please reach out via:

GitHub: candiceywu; and
Email: candice.ying.wu@gmail.com.

Commit message:

updated readme with all info except heroku link

README.md, after:

# workout-tracker

![license](https://img.shields.io/badge/license-MIT-blue.svg)

## Description
Users can easily view, create and track their daily workouts. Users can log multiple exercises (split by either cardio or resistance) in a workout on a given day, as well as track the name, type, weight, sets, reps, and duration of an exercise. If the exercise is a cardio exercise, the user will be able to track and log their distance run.

## Table of Contents
  - [Description](#description)
  - [Installation](#installation)
  - [Languages and technologies used](#languagesandtechnologiesused)
  - [Usage](#usage)
  - [License](#license)
  - [Contributing](#contributing)
  - [Tests](#tests)
  - [Licensing and copyright](#licensingandcopyright)
  - [Questions](#questions)

## Installation
There are two ways to launch the application; the first option is to use the command line and type in 'node server' to spin up the server, then type in `http://localhost:3001` in the browser. I would recomment clicking [here]() to view the application on the deployed Heroku site, which is much easier.


## Languages and technologies used
This application utilized HTML, CSS, Javascript, Node.js, Express.js, MongoDB, Mongoose, and Heroku.


## Usage
When the user loads the page, they are given the option to create a new workout or continue with their last workout. The user can then:

  * Add exercises to their most recent workout plan by clicking on 'Continue Workout' and logging their most recent activity;

  * Add new exercises to a new workout plan by selecting 'New Workout' and logging their latest activity;

  * View the combined weight of multiple exercises from the past seven workouts by clicking on 'Dashboard'; and

  * View the total duration of each workout from the past seven workouts once on the 'Dashboard' page.


## Contributing
NA.


## Tests
NA.


## License & copyright

(c) Candice Wu 

Licensed under the MIT License [click here](license).


## Questions
For any questions, please reach out via:

GitHub: candiceywu; and
Email: candice.ying.wu@gmail.com.
